Interviewer: I was wondering about that age when you came to God. Did it help you in any way? Did it change your attitude toward your life? And maybe some future obstacles, how did you perceive them?
Informant: I guess so, yeah. A lot, though, but kind of, I thought, what broke in my life. To me "bible" played a big role very much in my life, because I went almost immediately to "bible" and there were laid such basics of biblical. That is exactly the understanding of God's word as to the law. That is, first of all, the study of the Bible and certain things applicable in life from the Bible. For example, I memorized certain things in relation to raising children and when I was raising my daughter, I remembered them and used them actually. They're even partly biblical, partly psychological. I realized that, for example, you can't hit a child in anger, that's imprinted well on me. I never did that, I mean, always with a sober head. She and I agreed that if she didn't obey, I would punish her. And she carried the belt herself. We gave her a few spanks, that is, we gave her a few spanks, and she took it normally. That is, it was not such a blind fierce punishment, when just there "aaaaah" parents get angry. And I think that it influenced, probably, "bible", because without this knowledge I do not know what kind of parent I would be. So. And in general, of course, the "bible" influenced everything, my whole life in general.
Interviewer: Thank you for sharing. My interview is based on several semantic themes, which are organized along the life line: from the past to the future. And so the first one is about your ideas about career and education. What do you think a successful career consists in? What is it in your perception?
Informant: In my perception. I think that a person is happy when he realizes himself. When he has found his vocation, when he understands something, what he is doing makes him happy, he loves it, he invests in it with pleasure. And besides the fact that it brings him financial success, yes, it also brings him satisfaction: moral, mental, as it were. But in our world, it seems to me, this is not the case. We have a career right now, I understand, even me with my life in the warehouse, my career has taken place there, I don't want to go anywhere else. I feel fine in my warehouse, in my environment, and I realize that I could achieve something more somewhere, but I don't want to. I have enough, I feel good, I'm well paid, I have enough. But a successful career, it seems to me, is when a person has achieved something and financially it's good. That is, there should be a high salary, a good salary, and a job that you like.
Interviewer: And what is more valued in Russia: a high salary or a favorite job?
Informant: It seems to me that in Russia people do not realize themselves at all. I think we just don't have it in Russia. There are only a few people who work in their favorite fields, because they have really found themselves. Mostly people just work to make money, not because they love what they do. That's the way I see it.
Interviewer: Do you agree that many people, despite their efforts and hard work, do not have a professional destiny?
Informant: I agree, of course. Yes.
Interviewer: Were there any, maybe... is that in relation to you or to people you know?
Informant: Oh, well, it probably applies to me too. I don't know where I would have been realized in principle, because initially, initially I would have gone to study at the "art school", after my...after my school. But I didn't go there. Why? Because I didn't have the financial means. I couldn't live in a dormitory, because there was no dorm at the "art school", and I couldn't drive every day, because it's far from my village. That was it. The "art school" was in Moscow. That's it. And because of that, I had already received the education that I could get at that time and, accordingly, went to work where I went to work. There was still Soviet distribution at that time. So I got caught up in it. But, again, with all that, I kind of don't see myself in that, basically, in any way.
Interviewer: Would you like to try to go back to what you really want to do now?
Informant: I wanted to. I think about it. I dream about it, but it's been on my mind for a long time, but nothing happens. There's not enough determination. I don't believe it. I don't believe that in our state you can do what you love to do and make an income. Without getting shanked and beaten by your own state. I don't believe that.
Interviewer: So it is mainly the low profitability that hinders you?
Informant: Yes. For example, if I were to do something, I would do something creative. For example, I like design, I like to make repairs at home, I like it. These are all things I love, I enjoy it. I like to do all kinds of stuff, I mean, creative stuff like that. Here. I realize that if I took it up, I would do something from this opera, I would try it. But I, for one thing, I don't have enough education on this. I'd study some more, of course, on these things. Here. And, secondly, I realize that you need, first of all, to have some kind of financial head start on it, a certain territory to do it, and to get into all this, you need to open an IE somehow and that's it. And then the difficulties begin. Just difficulties, because I saw in the 90s how our state and all those who have any state power, that is, the police, now the police, firefighters, tax officials, how they all ripped off the private sector. So I don't trust our state.
Interviewer: And the totality of all these barriers stops you?
Informant: Yes. I wouldn't dare. Exactly, because I can imagine how many people would come and want to fuck me. I don't want to. I'm just, I'm afraid of it. I'm just scared. I realize that I'm powerless against them.
Interviewer: I understand. Now let's talk about education. Let's go a little further. What does it mean to get a good education? It's the same as with career, only about education.
Informant: About education. I think in our state, they've disfigured the whole school. They've disfigured it. The school program. Because they teach subjects backwards and forwards, because I've seen it. I was with my daughter with my daughter. Somehow it was gradual. I went through some certain knowledge and comprehended further and further, i.e. deepened in some things. Now, I studied with Alyona, I realize that some things just jump over, then come back, some things... ugly, in short. Okay, that's not even the point. I think that we lack this direction of some kind of profile for the child, so that the child understands what he wants. That is, somehow they don't move him in this regard, and I still think that our people, even the same teachers, are disfigured by the Soviet past and Soviet upbringing, and they can't give what modern students, children in general, need. To guide them in some way, and to make them realize themselves somehow, really, on their own.
For example, I can't even find my daughter that zest, that direction, that she would be realized where. I don't understand what she can be realized in. That's what she has talents in. I don't see. Here. It seems to me that the school should identify the child somehow. In any case, to activate all these things, to be able to raise them at school. But we don't have that. And then the child can choose a direction where he or she is interested, where he or she realizes that he or she can cope, can do it, wants to, likes it.
Interviewer: Is there a difference between the style of education in Moscow, in big cities and in the regions? Because there are private specialized schools, where there is a division by profiles, what is more interesting for a child: biology, physics or social sciences.
Informant: I think that in big cities there is all this. For example, in mine, in real life, there is no such thing. Although it's just the Moscow suburbs. It's not some bear corner, it's the Moscow suburbs. And there is nothing there. There are two schools there. I agree, there are all kinds of music schools, there are all kinds of clubs. So there's something for kids to do. But purely education, school subjects, there are no certain directions, topics, so that a child could really go deep. Well, there is no such thing. It's not enough, I think.
Interviewer: Did people around you, maybe your mother, have any expectations about your future profession? Your future education? What will you become?
Informant: I had expectations from my mom that I would have my own place, which I don't have. That's all. And about the profession, woo. Even we finished technical school, and I should end up in a laboratory as a profession. But the lab is a very high-profile place. And it's not easy to get in. I got into the control room, and that was cool. But I was out of there as soon as the man got off maternity leave. I ended up with a rag on the production floor. In a factory. And it's still at that time still cheto work, then we just started to cut, cut and it just got worse. And I realized that everything was falling apart, just everything was falling apart. The Soviet Union was collapsing, and nothing had been built. I realized that no housing, nothing was going to happen to me there. For some reason I didn't hold on, because I was sure that I was a failure. I was in that period of time when people were losing everything and there was no possibility to buy anything at all. I didn't believe that my state would take care of me. I saw that the people who sat at the troughs, at some kind of managerial apparatus, they grabbed it by the ass, and everyone else just stayed and died in poverty. All of them. Dying, drinking and dying in poverty. I saw that. For me, I realized that everything was fucked.
Interviewer: So at that time connections decided everything?
Informant: Yes. Connections. Places. Where you work, who you work with, what place.
Interviewer: Did your mother, did your brother, did your mother, did your mother, did your brother, did the people around you have any expectations about how your life was going to turn out? Maybe that you would get married, how many children you would have. Apart from housing, how did they (the people around you) envision your future? Did they tell you about it in any way?
Informant: I don't know. We somehow never discussed such things. Well, in childhood, of course, my mother said, learn something, you will have a family, how will you feed your husband, how will you feed your husband, you don't know how to do anything. You should learn how to cook.
Interviewer: Did you ever feel pressured by your parents as a child?
Informant: Well, of course. My mom controlled me, built me up left and right.
Informant: Everything. First of all, I had, how to say-...... pressure. I understood that my mom needed to be helped. It's just that I've been dealing with it recently. Anyway. What I'm doing now is soul healing. It's all about psychology and communicating with God. And I realized that when there was a funeral, one of my mom's friends said that I was the main helper at my mom's house, and it made a certain impression on me. I realized that I had to help with Denis, babysit my little brother. I realized that I really had to pitch in, so I did. I did it "be - hello". Then my mom was controlling on her own, she just...I was really depressed by her silence. I'm just the kind of person who needs to explain everything, tell everything, communicate as closely as possible. I'm very -- trusting relationships are very important to me. In fact, if I don't have one, I consider that person an acquaintance. And that's why I had very difficult relations with my mother, because she started to keep silent for any of my misdemeanors, and I just had a brain explosion on this topic. I was very dashing. And she, yes, she built me up.
I had a certain routine - a stricture, I thought, because I had a friend, with whom we still communicate, in childhood, she had a complete family, but it's true there were their own cockroaches, they had three children, she was the eldest and two brothers. And I could go to her place, she'd be doing stuff, and I'd have a day off and it'd be a major cleaning job. So she goes for a walk, she comes to me, and I clean up. So this is the norm of my life. So there are certain things and there was always a certain responsibility. And so then we would get together, I remember, we always had a war, what I would wear. I didn't want to wear it, and I was forced to wear it. And that's what it was all about. It was like, I don't know, I guess as I got older I felt more pressure. When I left home when I was 15, I think. And we-- my mom didn't trust me, for some reason. And her mistrust of me just pissed me off. Just such situations, for example, such a situation, which was remembered for the whole life, in general, I still remember it.
The first year, I think, she gave me money, of course she gave me money for housing, about 15-20 rubles a week. And she gave me money, I don't remember how much, for a winter item - a fur coat. I bought myself an artificial coat, it was made into a jacket. And it was November, not very cold, as if it was too early to dress, but it's already 2 weeks and all this will dress. I bought it, but I didn't take it home. Well, I think, what's the point? Well, in two weeks I'll come in it and show everything. My mom literally kicked me out of the house, she said: "go get it for me." I mean, she didn't believe I bought it. And I was just offended that they didn't believe me. I've never, I've never given anyone a reason not to believe me. And it was really depressing when I came home on the weekends and my mom wouldn't talk to me. She wouldn't talk to me. Not at all. I mean, I come home, I missed them, I'm there, last weekend I didn't come, we had a disco.
Well, I didn't come, there are boys, girls, some other stuff. Suddenly I arrive and nobody welcomes me except my brother. Nobody welcomes me at all. My mom doesn't talk to me at all. That's it. I don't know if it's pressure or not. Well, it's pressure, because there were such fights. I've sorted out a lot of things, I think. But some things remained as old grudges, maybe, but I've dealt with them. Anyway, I have overcome many things. Thanks to being a mom myself. And thanks to the fact that with my mom still figure things out and live in the same house and still communicate. But still silent for years. Years now. The last time she didn't talk for a year or so. Well, in general, probably, thanks to the fact that I am still in the church with this Sozo (Service Sozo - a unique ministry of inner healing), I am thinking about these things, well, I pull out and solve, that is, I deal with it. Like some dirty laundry, which was buried somewhere not far away, and so I periodically just pull it out and get some things that I pull out, either I deal with them and throw them away, or I wash them and start using them, that is how it is.
Interviewer: So religion helps you deal with that at all?
Informant: Well it didn't help me all that much until recently. I don't think so. But, with this POPE, I'm a little bit so... everything turned around for me, because there was a period of growing up when I came to church, I left, and I also had a relationship with God, like I was communicating, I was not communicating, I didn't need to, I.... Well, the depressive nature of it is complicated. It is. And then... now here I am with this POPE now that I've graduated. First of all, it's training, and they teach exactly, I mean, the Americans have it all on psychology and since I didn't study psychology at all and for me... I realized that for me it's an interesting science. I realized that, I got into it, and when I got into it, into this study, I thought that I would do it only for myself. And when I opened the book, god spoke to me that shorter is not just for (you) me. That God will work through it, i.e. I can serve and help someone else. And that made me happy, because I thought I was useless. Well, I had my own-- I'm just saying, depressive nature. There are different attitudes towards yourself.
Interviewer: Let's move on to the present. Do you feel completely free to make decisions, if not, what... who limits you?
Informant: Decision making. Decision making is very difficult for me in general. Especially some significant decisions that affect my life. They are very difficult for me. And very often, I realized that I always considered myself a moral freak. I used to call myself that, at least in my youth, in my adolescence, I used to say that I was a moral freak. And I recently realized that due to the fact that there are a lot of these unhealed mental moments, I don't know what I want. I don't know my desires, I'm a very complex person, I was stiff, in any case, God is slowly pulling some things out, and I'm sorting it all out, I'm growing up. By the time I'm fifty, I'll be more confident morally. Decisions are very hard for me, and my decisions are probably influenced by everything. Everything around me. I can not, for example, decide on some things, because I realize that I can not afford it financially, then, there are some moral things, certain limits that I can not overstep for myself. For example, I can't lie, for example, or steal. I can't afford it, simply because I think it's unacceptable. So there's a lot of decisions to make. No, I don't make any decisions, I guess, that serious.
Interviewer: And who can help you make a decision, do you ask someone for advice on what is the best thing to do?
Informant: Who? Generally, if I have some kind of a question that is not very global, but easy, I can talk to everyone, to everyone I know, I can talk to everyone. But at the same time I will make my personal conclusions, which I understand that they are to my heart. This is what I agree with most of my soul, let's say. Then I will make a decision. But I can talk to many people, I can talk to all the guys at work, I can consult them: "You know, I have such a situation, do you think that if I do this, do you think that if I do this it will be bad? No? What if I do this?". I mean, I can turn to my colleagues at work, I can talk to my mom, I will naturally talk to my mom, if we are not on opposite sides. Right now we're not on opposite sides, we communicate normally. I finally probably started to treat my mom more evenly, although I do not know what will happen there, because the last silence it pissed me off. With my mom, definitely, with my friends. Well friends I have few, there is a friend in Moscow, with whom we are now here from vacation came and do not communicate, it is very difficult. But yes, with her too.
Interviewer: In general, in modern society, can a person ask others for help or advice, or only rely on himself and not open up to anyone at all? What has happened to me, what should I do?
Informant: In general I understand that it is normal to ask for help, purely psychologically I understand that it is normal, we should be interconnected in society, because we live, we are social persons, let's start with that. But it's very hard for me to ask for help, I realize that I'm still going through this process of changing my brain, it's still going on, it's still going on, I'm in the middle of it. But I know it's necessary. It's necessary - just to ask people for help and, for example, in my church I realize that I can get it. Well it's probably only at church, at work... at work I can ask for help too, and the guys can help with something too.
Interviewer: In what cases or under what conditions do you think a person can really work?
Informant: For my own self. For me personally, I caught myself that this is my personal perception, that if I, for example, do home repairs, yes, my favorite occupation, I do it from the heart, I do it in good faith. I'm generally a do-it-yourself kind of person, I like to either do it well, or it's better not to do it at all. It's better not to do it at all, here. And if I do it for me, I do it 100 percent well, that is, I want to do it well. I will try, I will consume all my knowledge, opportunities and strength, in general, everything to do well, conscientiously. Here. At work? At work I do well too, I don't like to do badly, I just don't like to do badly because I don't like it when it's done badly. When somebody else does badly I don't like it, I'll correct him, I'll teach him to do well. But it seems to me, if a person has found his vocation, he will do well there. And if a person, he is poorly paid, if he is not appreciated, he will do well. Because my mom for example, she still works as a janitor, she is 70 years old, she still works as a janitor. Now, as things are changing, she used to clean one house and around it, respectively, a certain territory, and she received for it about 15000, let's say. Years passed, more than one year, she added another house and added, well literally, 3000. On top of that they did what? They made, for example, if my mother went on vacation, a person has to clean these two houses for her. But people do not want to work, because who cleaned, and they were not paid, that is, no part-time work, there is nothing like that. They just cheat at every step, and my mom - she treats her work, she is a conscientious person and employee, she worked hard for me, she left half of her health at her factory, she worked there for a huge length of service. With all this, she does the minimum at her job, because, firstly, very "kind" neighbors who are always dissatisfied with something and secondly "very good" pay, so she works as much as she is paid. And that's what she says: "I work exactly as much as they pay me and I will not do more than they pay me. I won't, on principle." And she's right, and I totally agree with her. That's it.
Interviewer: And in general with other people, does the result you get at work always lead to a deserved reward?
Informant: No, I think that we have very little of that, in Russia anyway.
Informant: People have nowhere to go, people have nowhere to go. For example, let's take my specific situation, I never dreamed of working as a storekeeper, but I worked in trade, because I had to, because I didn't see any other situation, there was no other work at the time of our devastation, perestroika, all this. I worked in trade, and I realized that I get tired of people, just morally exhausted. I don't want to communicate with them, I don't want to see a lot of people every day, every second, and I don't want to put myself out there, well, it just exhausts me morally, the warehouse is easier. I got to the warehouse, but again I realize that now, now the trend is literally the last year, I do not talk to anyone in my environment - my brother at another job at another company, what does the employer do? The employer cuts people around you, the people he cut, their responsibilities fall on you, and the salary as it was given to me three years ago, so it is still the same salary, and you have added responsibilities. And so everyone with whom I communicate, the whole circle of my acquaintances lives this way now. This is exactly the trend, it's been going on for the last year or two. I can't do anything about it. Otherwise I'll lose my job and I'll just end up even lower financially. Yeah, so I resign myself to it and sit on what I'm sitting on. I can't change anything, because from mine, if I go to Moscow, I will lose a lot of time and effort to travel, and money even more. So I work where I work, and so far I am holding on to this place. I would love to quit and do something of my own, but I don't see any opportunities yet.
Interviewer: Are there some people who put in no effort or minimal effort but they get a lot more than those who really work hard?
Informant: I don't know, I don't know, I don't have such people in my neighborhood. Probably our Russian golden youth, who are all these majors, and who, yes, they may have had parents at some point, and I don't really believe that we have people in Russia who are rich because they were able to earn something. I don't believe that. I see that the people who got rich were at the trough during perestroika. That's my opinion, and I can't do anything about it, I don't know how to change my mind, but I believe that the people who were at the trough are rich now. And the people who were at the machine, they remained beggars, they got drunk and turned into bums, that's all.
Interviewer: "He who doesn't take risks doesn't drink champagne", do you agree with this statement and does it apply to you?
Informant: Risk is a noble thing, but I'm afraid to take risks. I don't know. . . I'm probably not a risk taker at all, it's not about me. Risk is not for me. I took a risk in my twenties when I quit my job and went to the "bible". And, in fact, I don't know.
Interviewer: And if we talk about smaller risks, it's still a very broad concept, like jumping off a mountain, let's say? Or to climb on a desk, to dance on a desk in the office, that's how a person wants to do it?
Informant: No, that's not my story at all. No, I can try something for myself, like jumping off a cliff with a parachute, for example. It's adrenaline, it's a certain thrill, I guess, I'm interested in it, I could probably try it. Like my brother about two years ago, he went skiing, on one ski, he started doing it, he liked it, he tried it, he started to get good at it, he quit. He also went parachuting, he jumped, he didn't see it in the army, he was in other troops. Like that I can understand and that's fine with me, but here's the social risk.
Informant: I had a bitter experience in my time at school, I think I should probably deal with it, I don't know how, I haven't gotten to the point of dealing with it yet. But I had a bitter experience, I was in the 3rd grade in front of the school on stage, in front of the whole school, with a handwritten text written by my teacher, our classmate "Report on the work done by our pioneer group". I was reading, reading, reading, some kind of list, there should be some closing verb of this whole sentence, and I realize that there is no verb. I froze, the sentence was not finished, the professors were sitting behind me, they started yelling at me, whispering, of course in a low voice, and I froze, I was paralyzed. And after that I, and the whole school, I was sitting there myself, I know how it looks like, someone is singing something, and you are sitting there minding your own business, that is, you don't care who is performing there, how, but the very fact, the feeling of standing in front of this crowd for the rest of your life. I really don't like it very much, although I know that probably someday, I think so, I think so, that probably someday I will have to learn how to perform.
It's very hard for me to communicate even in a company, I'm actually just getting out of this stupor, I don't even know what it is, it's complexes. These are complexes that have been there since childhood. I don't know how to express my thoughts in public, it's very difficult for me. One-on-one I easily communicate with any person, and I bring people to frankness, people trust me, I know how to listen, it's all normal. But it is necessary to gather a crowd, I roared here in front of God literally three years ago, I was on my way from work, we had another meeting, and I realized that I was coming from it and I just have a tightness inside. I'm just shackled inside. I started yelling to God, I roared, I prayed, and some fetters collapsed, because I felt better. I saw the result after that roaring. But I prayed, I roared, I heard some words of comfort, then I called my friend, she prayed for me. So it's a risk, it depends.
Interviewer: Similar question: have you ever had situations in your life where you thought "what other people will think of me"?
Informant: All the time, I thought about it for a very long time. I still do some things, but I worry about how I'm going to be looked at at work, for example. I'm very much always worried about that.
Informant: Yes, it affects, but it's like, well, it's some small things, actions.
Interviewer: So a person can think, but still kind of act? It's like "hey, it's okay, they'll think, let them think whatever they want".
Informant: Well, I've been struggling with this my whole life, because I was very rebellious when I was in my teens and my family kept trying to reassure me in this way - people have children like children, and you, and you! And it pissed me off all the time, to be honest, I rebelled against these statements, and I really wanted to leave the village, because I hated my village. Just like my daughter now, just like that. Because there is nowhere to jump, if you fart there, they will say: "What have you done, ay-ay-ay!" So.
Interviewer: Have you ever had situations where you couldn't stop feeling guilty?
Informant: There are still things, I was looking into psychology here recently, again I've been getting into this stuff, lately I've been listening just listening and watching because I never studied psychology myself, but I'm interested, here. And I realized that there is an underlying feeling of guilt, I have it, and I'm trying to deal with it, that is the guilt is overwhelming me. For example, now I have this situation with my daughter, I have this guilt that I gave birth to a child without a husband. I never married him, I had a child with the man I had a child with. I was just talking to your mom about this yesterday, that it's my fault that I didn't teach her, it's my fault that I didn't raise her right, it's my fault that she grew up without a husband, it's my fault that I made these and these and these choices that affected who she is as a result. And this feeling of guilt, it doesn't leave me, although I'm trying to deal with it, I'm trying to get rid of it, but it's very difficult. I have guilt about a lot of things.
Interviewer: Can you tell me what is the essential difference between guilt and shame?
Informant: I have this difference, I feel ashamed, it overwhelms me actually, the feeling of shame, even more than guilt did until recently, now I feel better about it. The shame. It was eating me up. Guilt is when you, uh, it kind of goes along with a sense of duty, that is, you haven't done something, so it's your fault. And shame is when you just feel ashamed and want to hide, that is more related to fear. Shame is the fear that you are not understood, you are condemned, you are ashamed not even that they condemned you, but that you could not pour it out properly and you are ashamed of it. So shame is fear, guilt is still a duty.
Interviewer: And if we talk about fear, in what cases is a person afraid to suppress some social norms?
Informant: Yes, yes. I don't know, I think fear is everyone's limit, as well as shame, guilt and duty. For me fear, I was afraid of people for a long time, I mean, it was very hard for me to express my thoughts and feelings to at least 3 people or more, and I was very often covered, to be honest, now it has almost stopped, but it used to be like that. For example, I had a quarrel with someone, especially at work, that is, if there is a family at home, it's still a little bit different relations and it's easier there, but I had my own there too. And, for example, if I did something wrong at work, said something wrong and offended a person or vice versa, he offended me and I feel ashamed, I realize that he was right, and I feel ashamed that he judged me in such a way, I feel ashamed, I feel scared. I was just getting caught up in that shame, it would catch up with me literally for days, or even weeks. Some things happened again a year ago, and I experience the same emotions, that is, as soon as I remember this situation, I am covered with this emotion of shame, fear, and I want to hide. So shame provokes you to hide in the first place.
Informant: For me. Fear is a concomitant, I think, because shame and fear, well, shame is probably an emotion that you realize that you are justifiably ashamed, probably, that is certain moral norms that you have violated, so you are ashamed. And fear is a slightly different emotion, it happens whether you've done something bad or not.
Interviewer: But what are the consequences of violating these moral principles? 
Informant: Well you will be judged, you will not be perceived the way you would like to be perceived by people, your environment, for example, the same colleagues at work. A person is self-loving and proud, he will think: "Aha, so they condemned me and thus, well, undermined the authority. So you realize that people are judging you, laughing at you or something, I think so. I understand that there is an expression in the Bible that "everything works out for the good for the loving God", and in my life, analyzing global situations from above and having lived some certain things in my life, milestones, I saw that having made this or that choice, having destroyed something, having left somewhere, for example, having changed even my job, initially I didn't want to lose it, I didn't want to leave this situation. I was comfortable there, it was good for me, and suddenly it all broke, destroyed, I think ah how bad, ah how sad, but having experienced all this and looking back, I realize that I gained much more. That is, I have morally matured, I have experienced some things, I realized that I will know in the next situation what to do and how to act, how to perceive. And globally I gained more, i.e. I, for example, found myself in another job, which now suits me better or at that time suited me better than what I had before. Even though initially it was just the collapse of my whole life, everything, everything is very bad there, I mean I realize that everything ends well anyway.

